DOC improve readme (#48)
skops-dev/skops: README.rst

    :target: https://skops.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    :alt: Documentation

.. |github-actions| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/workflow/status/skops-dev/skops/CI?label=Linux%2C%20macOS%2C%20Windows
    :target: https://github.com/skops-dev/skops/actions?query=workflow%3Abuild
    :alt: Linux, macOS, Windows tests

.. |Codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/skops-dev/skops/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
    :target: https://codecov.io/gh/skops-dev/skops
    :alt: Codecov

.. |PyPi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/skops
    :target: https://pypi.org/project/skops
    :alt: PyPi

.. |Black| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
    :target: https://github.com/psf/black
    :alt: Black

SKOPS
=====

This library helps you share your scikit-learn based models and put them in
production.

Please refer to our `documentation <https://skops.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>`_
on using the library as user.

If you want to contribute to the library, please refer to our `contributing
<CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_ guidelines.

Installation
------------

You can install this library using:

    pip install skops

Bug Reports and Questions
-------------------------

> Please as all your questions and report issues on this repostory's issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please send all your questions and report issues on this repository's issue
```
